[♪ suspenseful music playing]
[masked man 1] Let's go. Let's go.
- [machine beeps]
- [sighs]
[door rattles]
Hey! The machine's broken.
I want my $40.
Come on. I can see you in there.
Come on.
Hey.
[gunshots]
Come on. I can see you in there.
Oof! For 40 bucks.
- [gagging]
- You okay. Mr. Price?
Why did this happen at my branch?
This is so unfair.
- I'm sure the dead guy feels the same.
- [sirens wailing]
[sighs]
Here. take a seat.
The camera on the ATM
is the only video feed they didn't cut.
Yeah. they took out
the phone lines and the Wi-Fi too.
That's why the gunshots
didn't trigger the alarm.
- Okay. Mr. Price. can you show us…
- [groaning]
Okay. yeah. You just keep doing that.
- We're gonna take a look around.
- [sighs]
No footage from inside the bank.
No fingerprints yet.
And our only witness is dead.
Huh.
Whoa. That's weird.
- What's weird?
- The chemo.
It made my vision dull. kind of blurry.
But now that that's over.
everything's a lot clearer.
I can see better than I could
before the cancer.
What if it's a superpower?
What if it's normal eyesight?
Okay. Bring your mere
mortal eyeballs over here.
Take a look at these boxes.
It's the locks. They're different.
- You see that?
- Oh. wow.
Okay. so they broke into this one.
took the contents. replaced the lock.
The bank didn't even notice.
- That's an archvillain move right there.
- [chuckles]
Hey. Price. Price.
[whimpers] What now?
This safe deposit box.
I need the name and address of its owner.
Oh. I am not permitted
to release that information
without the client's approval.
You know
we're investigating a robbery. right?
I'm sorry. but it is policy.
- Never mind.
- We'll get a warrant.
[video narrator] Let us help you find
what you're longing for.
your ideal life partner.
Jennings Luxury.
For your happily ever after.
[Amanda] Whole lot
of powerful Atlanta names
use this matchmaking service.
What ever happened to just meeting people?
You know. chance encounters?
I've actually been
researching hermit life.
It's a whole movement. Want me
to send you some information? I can...
- No.
- Get on with it.
Fine.
One perforating gunshot
entered the right arm back here.
exited the front here.
Four more to his chest.
So someone shot him with his back turned.
He spun around.
They finished it. plus some.
This happened outside his home?
No apparent robbery. No witnesses.
Could have been a disgruntled client.
[Faith] All these women seem identical.
Like to travel. live an active lifestyle.
Why are so many of them event planners?
They just throw parties?
What is that? Like a brand ambassador?
- I thought that was an influencer.
- Whatever the job is.
it's vague enough they probably don't
get asked too many follow-up questions.
I do like that.
I can't have another man ask me
to fix a parking ticket
when he finds out I am GBI.
You telling these men your government name
and where you work?
- For the government?
- That's a good point.
- [phone chimes]
- Okay.
Ah! The business partner is here.
Ms. Summermann.
we pulled Mr. Jennings's phone records.
He made several calls to you
in the hours before he died.
Sawyer and I talked all the time.
Mostly business. [sighs]
And we're friends.
Well. I have to ask.
last night.
where were you between 7:00 and 8:00?
I take a 7:00 spin class.
BLUEGYM in Piedmont.
Did you and Mr. Jennings have any
disagreements lately? Personal? Financial?
None.
I mean. I don't mean to sound callous.
but the company has never been better.
What about the members?
Were any of them unhappy with the service?
If a date isn't a match.
we work with the client to make it right.
Just curious.
you charge male clients
$50.000 for a membership.
and women only pay five.
Men aren't angry about that?
It's standard practice
in high-end matchmaking services.
If you weren't to charge the women.
it could seem like prostitution too. huh?
Yes. we charge a steep fee.
but some people are willing to pay
any price to find that one great love.
My work is bringing people together.
helping them find joy.
Ms. Summermann. I'm gonna need
the contact information for your clients.
I hope you find
the monster that took Sawyer from us.
And… maybe I can help you find your joy.
[♪ pop music playing over speakers]
I don't need your help
because I have a date.
[phone chimes]
"See you soon."
"If I get a parking ticket.
can you help me out?"
[sighs]
"Sorry.
Killed in the line of duty.
Reservation canceled."
[message sent tone]
And blocked.
- Hey.
- [bartender] Yeah?
Can I get a gin martini.
extra dirty. extra gin?
[sighs]
I don't wanna be that dude.
but I'm gonna be that dude.
You are stunning.
Any way you'd say yes
if I asked to sit with you?
Everything you just said was
so hypothetical.
[both laugh]
Ouch. Right. right. right. right.
I-I should just ask. huh?
Or you could just sit.
- Great.
- You know. I'd say good.
I don't know about great yet.
When does this snark wear off?
I'm just curious.
This will help.
I'm Malcolm.
I didn't even ask for your name.
I'm sorry.
Amanda.
I'm an event planner.
Okay. so about weather.
common interests. world peace. no?
You just jump right to your job title.
[chuckles]
- You must be a Leo.
- I'm sorry. my bad.
I assumed
that I was talking to a grown man.
You know. I haven't met
an astrology buff since…
high school.
- [giggling]
- Oh. Ouch.
[both chuckling]
Did I just play myself?
Let's have this one drink and see.
I can do that.
[♪ "Ain't Nobody" playing]
Cheers.
You think I'm feisty?
What? You don't think you… [laughs]
Okay. all right.
you know what? I'm-I'm so sorry.
I was just kidding. I was just kidding.
You know what? It's fine.
because. yeah. I'm a Leo.
so it's fine.
- Mm-hmm.
- It's okay.
I do feel bad though.
We're keeping the waitstaff
here so late. [groans]
[Malcolm scoffs]
Sorry if this is too forward. but…
I do have a room here at the hotel.
♪ And hope this night will last forever ♪
♪ Oh. oh. oh. oh ♪
♪ Ain't nobody ♪
♪ Loves me better ♪
- ♪ Makes me happy ♪
- ♪ Makes me feel this way ♪
Okay. okay. maybe hold on.
- Um…
- [sighs. clears throat]
[stutters] I'm not saying stop.
I'm just saying that we've only known
each other for three hours. so…
- Mm-hmm. Okay. Um. hmm.
- [clears throat] Yeah.
- Medical issues?
- Diabetes.
- Good to know.
- Allergies?
- Wasp. Favorite movie?
- Say Anything. Have you seen it?
Uh. maybe a long time ago.
Do you have
any outstanding parking tickets?
I have a driver.
Family? Where did you grow up?
- You know what?
- Mm.
- I think that is good enough.
- Okay.
♪ And a love so deep
We cannot measure ♪
- ♪ Ain't nobody ♪
- ♪ Nobody ♪
- ♪ Loves me better ♪
- ♪ That can make me feel this way ♪
♪ Makes me feel this way ♪
- ♪ Ain't nobody ♪
- ♪ Loves me better ♪
- ♪ Nobody ♪
♪ Ain't nobody loves me better ♪
♪ Than you ♪
[breathing heavily]
- Amanda.
- No.
[♪ "Ain't Nobody" continues]
Nice to meet you. Malcolm.
[Malcolm] The site sounds perfect.
All right. Well. send me the specs
and we'll see if we can make it work.
All right.
Bye.
- Good morning.
- Hey.
- Ooh. [chuckles]
- [giggles]
I'm sorry.
I just had to take care of a few things.
No. you're good. You're very good.
You know… [clears throat]
…during our little Q and A last night.
I forgot the most important question.
Oh?
Are you a coffee or tea person?
So. I just got a little of everything.
You sure did. and I wish that I would have
taken that apple tart to go last night.
It would've been amazing right now.
Well. I can call down and have
the pastry chef whip one up for you.
[chuckles] I'm pretty sure
the restaurant's not open this early.
They'll do it for me. It's my restaurant.
[chuckles] You know. that's cute.
but the restaurant's connected
to the hotel. so…
- It is.
- Hmm.
I also own the hotel.
- [chuckles]
- Hmm.
"Hmm"? Oh. you don't believe me?
- I didn't say that.
- All right. look it up.
The Quinton Atlanta.
Oh. I know where we are.
- Go ahead. I'll wait.
- [scoffs]
Mm.
- Oh. my God.
- Mm-hmm.
You wouldn't believe
how many times this has happened to me.
Honestly. if I accidentally sleep
with one more millionaire…
Mm.
- Well. look.
- Hmm?
The kitchen started prepping at 8:00...
- Wait. wait. it's past 8:00?
- Yeah.
- I gotta go.
- What? Wait. wait. wait. Hey. hey. hey.
sure. sure. all right. but…
And when can I see you again?
Actually. that's not what I meant to ask.
Can I see you tonight?
Here. Amanda. put in your number.
- [elevator bell dings]
- [indistinct chatter]
[Will] …said she was angry crying.
Okay. cool. Thank you.
Oh. hey! Glad you could make it.
Me? I've just been diligently working
while you were. what?
Dancing with temptation. were we?
I held it down here for months
while you went to go find yourself at…
What was the name of that place?
Hypocrite. Tennessee?
That lovely town is Soddy-Daisy.
And you're wearing
the same clothes as yesterday.
Oh. shut up. Nobody's gonna notice.
Oh. Faith. why are you wearing
the same clothes you wore yesterday?
Can everybody stop worrying
about what I'm wearing?
Oh. You had a date last night.
[Will] I wasn't gonna say anything.
but I'm pretty sure that's a bra strap
sticking out your purse.
Oh. Lord. Please just tell me
he does not work in this building.
He doesn't even know
that I work in this building.
so there you go.
He thinks I am an event planner.
- Hmm. What name did you use? Beyoncé?
- Mmm.
Sasha?
- Shakira?
- [clears throat]
I always used Simone. She was my old boss.
Mmm.
- What?
- I had to think fast.
Faith Mitchell. you did not use my name!
No. that is not okay and inappropriate.
You were just talking
about my bra in my purse.
And where's the lie?
What did it sound like
when he whispered my name in your ear?
- Ew.
- Gross.
[chuckles] Now.
what's your progress on this case?
Sawyer Jennings's credit card records show
that he went to a diner in Midtown
the night he was killed.
Manager said that he was there
with a woman.
She was angry crying.
Was it Liv Summermann.
his business partner?
Anna Martello. She used a credit card
to buy a drink before Jennings arrived.
Let's go pay her a visit.
Wonderful idea.
Thank you. "Amanda chiquita."
That's "little Amanda."
[chuckles]
- I did this to myself.
- [giggles] Sure did.
Sure you don't wanna sit?
[sighing] No.
Standing's better for my back.
Okay. Price said
First Peachtree Bank lost 500.000 in cash.
- It's not a bad haul. but…
- [sighs]
…considering the equipment
these guys used to cut into that vault.
these guys are pros.
- That's chump change to them.
- Yeah.
unless what was in
the safe deposit box was worth way more.
You know. it'd be great if the judge
would respond to my warrant request.
You gotta work the clerk.
I am working the clerk.
Let me see the photo.
- That's the burger place up on the corner?
- Yeah. pretty good camera.
Must be why they charge 30 bucks a burger.
Oh. Black sedan. no plates. no faces.
The rear passenger has a huge head.
- That's not his head. that's a mask.
- Animal mask.
Oh. She shifted. I gotta sit.
Oh. yeah. here. here.
All right. So… [sighs]
…I can add "animal mask" to the search.
Hey. look at that. That did it.
Three similar robberies.
the last three years.
Nashville. Chicago. Oakland.
- Same crew?
- It's hard to say.
These similar robberies were
all of cash management warehouses
and they made off
with 20 to 30 million each.
But only half a mil from here.
They really wanted
what was in that safe deposit box.
Ormewood. I hear you got X-ray vision.
What kind of underwear am I wearing now?
That's a trick question. Don't answer.
Don't mock my superpowers.
Can you fly? Can he fly?
Franklin. get in here! Now!
Um. what do I do?
Oh. Now you want me to be clairvoyant?
[smacks lips] Too late.
[sighs]
Good luck.
[Franklin] Oh.
What's up. Cap?
[groans]
I need your help.
Who is that under the tarp?
It's a surprise for Polaski's kid.
Got her a stroller.
Oh. that is not a stroller.
Oh. it will be after we put it together.
That's crazy. Sounded like you said "we."
Fine. Where's the instruction manual?
Did the cavemen need a manual
when they created fire?
They got ate by dinosaurs.
Did the Mesopotamians need a manual
when they invented the wheel?
They invented it to outrun tuberculosis.
When Thomas Edison invented the lightbulb.
- he didn't have a manual...
- Look. I'ma stop you right there.
He stole that from Lewis Latimer.
and you threw away the manual.
Yes. I did.
[sighs]
So. let's see if we can get
a better shot of our getaway car.
These are from a drugstore
a mile east of the bank.
Black sedan.
- What is that pattern in the rear window?
- [Michael] The spots?
- Yeah.
- That's a cheetah.
- I gotta pee. Walk with me?
- Yeah.
All right. there's an arm in this photo.
[Michael] Is that a tattoo?
Could be a mole.
- It could be a tattoo of a mole.
- Mmm.
Hey. Mishi's froggy.
- Come again?
- Yeah. Mishi. she's an ATL tattoo legend.
Yeah. that frog's her signature.
How can you not know Mishi?
What have you been doing with your lives?
- [Angie chuckles]
- Not getting arrested.
- Oh. okay.
- Thank you. sir.
- Uh. Mishi. heard she's a legend.
- Oh.
Well. people pay Jennings big money
to find their perfect life partner.
all the while he's in a toxic relationship
with Anna Martello.
The number of gunshots does point
to his death being a crime of passion.
- Speaking of passion...
- Don't you say passion!
I won't kiss and tell.
and I don't need any dating advice.
Okay. you're right. I mean. it's obvious
you got this all under control. Amanda.
Uh. what is there to have under control?
It was one night. that's all.
You know. I agree.
Not everything has to be so serious.
Someone told me that recently. and they…
she… they have a point.
Was it Ava? Was Ava the they/she/they?
By the way.
I knew that you slept with her.
I just know how to mind my business.
Mm-hmm.
Anna Martello.
[Anna] No. no. no. no.
[Will] Hey. GBI. Hey. Anna!
- Ms. Martello. don't run. We just…
- [Anna] Help!
- …need to ask you a few questions about…
- [Anna] Help me!
Please don't. [cries]
[sobs] He sent you to kill me. didn't he?
Who?
[panting]
I'm being followed.
I know I sound paranoid. but it's true.
I've been staying with my sister.
I came back to get some clothes.
and you were at my door and…
I thought he sent you
to kill me like he killed Sawyer.
I need you to give me a name.
[sighs]
Brody Evans.
Three weeks ago. we went on a date.
[scoffs] A match.
- Through Jennings Luxury?
- Yeah.
Brody's family is old money.
He owns his own tech firm.
We got drinks. [sighs]
I blacked out.
Or that's what Brody said happened.
Were you…
hurt?
Brody threatened me
if I talked to the police…
And his family?
I can't afford that-that fight. [sniffles]
But the one thing I could do…
was make sure other women
weren't handed over to that creep.
I told Sawyer the day after it happened.
He promised me
that Brody would be dropped as a client.
This is three weeks ago?
Anna. you saw Sawyer
one hour before he was killed.
There was a witness at the diner
that overheard you yelling at him. Why?
Because Jennings Luxury
posted photos from their monthly mixer.
I wasn't invited but Brody was.
He was smiling.
He had his arm wrapped around
some poor woman. I was livid.
What was Sawyer's response?
He didn't know.
I believed him.
So. he called Brody.
While you were at the diner?
Right in front of me.
He said he knew about the assault
and that he would tell everyone in Atlanta
that Brody was a monster.
- [♪ hip-hop music playing]
- [needles buzzing]
I can put you on Mishi's wait-list.
How's April…
2028?
- For a frog?
- Yeah.
Mishi. Hi.
Detective Polaski.
This is Detective Ormewood.
We spoke.
That's a lot of canvas.
- Thank you.
- You want to show her the photo?
Yep.
It's mine.
Photo's crap.
See here.
- this is my signature on the leaf.
- Great.
We're going to need
his name and contact information
if you have that on file.
Ooh. I'm discreet.
No paperwork. cash and crypto only.
You didn't happen to do
this other tattoo of his. did you?
[scoffs] I don't do mom tattoos.
Well. look at that. He has a mom.
My client was enjoying
a concert at City Stage.
- My boy Jelly Roll. Great seats.
- According to phone records.
you were one of the last people
Sawyer Jennings talked to before he died.
What did you two talk about?
He was following up
to see how a date went.
I pay top dollar.
so they want to keep me happy.
I'm still looking for my Amal Clooney.
She's so exotic.
Now. was the follow-up part
of that phone call
before or after Mr. Jennings threatened to
expose you for date-raping Anna Martello?
Oh. come on.
My client has an alibi
for the night of Mr. Jennings's death.
That's why we're here.
If some random woman wants to accuse him...
You can say her name. Anna Martello.
Unless she wants to provide evidence
and bring a formal complaint.
you're not to harass my client again.
What time was that concert?
7:00. I left around midnight.
You sure?
I'm asking because Atlanta's
the most surveilled city in the nation.
I'ma scour through every bit
of that footage.
Follow your every step
to find a hole in your alibi.
We're done here.
[Faith] Brody's scum.
Why do people who have money think
they can do whatever they want?
Because they usually can.
You know. did Sawyer's partner mention
the assault when you interviewed her?
No. she was too busy calling me
a true love skeptic.
But she's not wrong.
- Okay. you know what?
- [giggles]
[phone rings]
Hey. this is Amanda.
Hi.
Sounds good. I will see you there.
You know. sooner or later you have
to tell that man your real name.
I am protecting my peace.
Look. if things get serious with Malcolm.
I will tell him the truth.
Cross my heart.
[scoffs]
Come on. Doreen. I need Judge Earhart
to sign that warrant.
Yeah. the safe deposit box.
you remembered.
Well. can you move it
to the top of his pile?
Yeah? You promise?
Oh. You're the best.
Hey. you still like those Samoas?
I got some for ya. Four boxes on me.
Thanks. Doreen.
- Wow. you really are working the clerk.
- Told ya.
So. what's going on with the mystery
of Cheetah Mask's mom?
Well. don't want to brag.
but. um. I did cross reference women
with her birth date.
death date and initials.
which has led me to… Guess how many moms.
- Drumroll. please.
- Oh.
One.
Great. Let's go pick up her son.
Uh. not so fast. She has ten kids.
[grunts] My womb aches for this woman.
Franklin. what's going on
with you and Heller?
You know. it's ugly in there.
- [opens can]
- But it's for the good.
[gulps]
Hey. you said. uh. 7:00. right?
- Where is everybody?
- [Malcolm] Yeah. it's kind of weird. huh?
I-I hope you don't mind. I preordered.
Wait. this is the apple tart tatin
from the restaurant.
Mm-hmm.
Malcolm. did you rent out
this entire theater?
- Yeah. Is it too much? [chuckles]
- [chuckles]
I mean. I'm into it.
[chuckles]
Listen. I-I know it's early but…
how this feels…
I just want to see where this can go.
- [chuckles]
- [whispers] What are we watching?
Shh. It's a surprise.
[Corey] …long. and then he writes. "You're
a real live wire. Love Mr. Carroll."
You know. it's all so phony.
[DC] He wants to leave things
on a good note.
[Corey] Well. when Mr. Carroll uses
the word love. I look for a new word.
- [chuckles]
- [DC] Lloyd.
[Diane] He lied to me.
He lied to everybody.
I just left home.
I need you.
- Oh. Wait. wait. This is my favorite part.
- What. what?
Okay.
Everything else means nothing to me.
I love you.
How many more times do I have to say it?
I need you.
[elevator bell dings]
- Oh.
- Good catch.
We got to go. Eat that.
Ooh. You took a change of clothes
with you this time. You're learning.
Can you please stop talking
about my private. personal. private life?
Fine.
Brody Evans' alibi checked out.
His. uh. smarmy face was all over
the concert jumbotron the whole night.
We need to link it
to Jennings' business partner.
If Sawyer knew
about Brody Evans assaulting Anna.
I don't believe for one second
that Liv didn't know too.
Her spin class instructor said Liv swiped
a card on the bike at the start of class.
Maybe she snuck out.
[elevator bell dings]
[Angie clears throat]
Well. look who it is.
For two nights in a row.
you don't sleep at the house.
I'm not prorating your rent. you know?
Can everybody stop
minding my business. please?
[elevator buzzing]
Oh. excuse me.
- Franklin. where's your sidearm?
- Wouldn't you like to know?
Hey. did you get the warrant
for the safe deposit box?
- What box?
- He's talking to us.
A homicide at a bank heist.
We're on our way to go question the owner
of the safe deposit box right now.
Okay. Superhero.
How you feeling. Mama?
Good. Yeah. really good.
- Can I?
- Yeah.
Hi. baby.
[whispers] It's Aunty Faith. Hi.
[chuckles]
- Hi.
- [elevator bell dings]
Oh.
- 'Kay.
- Oh. Okay.
"Wyatt Fernsby."
He only had the safe deposit box
a couple months.
[sighs] Safe just don't mean
what it used to.
That elevator thing was weird. right?
With Trent?
Yeah. I'm fine. But you know what really
seems to help is not talking about it.
Thank you.
[Fernsby coughs]
- Mr. Fernsby?
- Oh. crap.
APD.
[Fernsby coughs]
- I got him. I got him.
- Okay. I'll get an ambulance.
[Fernsby coughing]
Hey. yeah. Yeah. get an EMS.
You see my location.
His vitals are stable.
You have about five minutes.
He needs to rest.
Okay. Thank you.
Hey. Mr. Fernsby.
we need to ask you some questions about
the contents of that safe deposit box.
You're aware that it was stolen
from First Peachtree Bank?
Listen. someone was killed
during the robbery.
We're trying to figure this out
before anyone else gets hurt.
You can talk to us.
I work for Biosentia Pharmaceuticals.
I was told to shred some documents
but I kept a copy.
It was my insurance policy.
That's what was in the box?
Someone from the company
must have found out I took them.
Do you understand
what these people will do to me?
That's why you wanted to end it yourself?
Look. we need you to tell us exactly
what's in those documents.
I'm not saying anything without a lawyer.
Well. Wyatt Fernsby's lawyer wants
to strike a deal with the DA.
- What is he hiding?
- Yeah. no kidding.
Definitely not what I was expecting
for my first day back in the field.
Surprise!
Oho! Wow.
Congratulations. Polaski.
You and that doc are gonna have some kid.
Ooh. Mmm.
It wasn't me.
Oh. It's all right. It's all good.
[grunts]
Thank you. That's… [chuckles] …really…
It's very thoughtful of you.
[Heller grunting]
- You all right. Cap?
- Yeah. I'm all right.
I'm great. [sighs]
We're gonna get this worked out
and then we're…
We'll get it back to you in…
[clicks tongue] …tip-top shape.
- We?
- Yeah. we.
- Come on. He ain't got no manual.
- Thank you. Cap.
[Heller] Why'd you tell 'em that?
You ain't got no manual.
That's why I told her. No. Uh-uh.
- You know we got to take this to Amanda.
- Oh. I know.
Why? 'Cause you can read my mind?
'Cause you have ESP?
- I mean. I do.
- [scoffs]
But also
because our "murder at an ATM" case
just turned into
a corporate espionage plot.
- So. technically we need the GBI.
- Yeah.
The spin instructor said that Liv was
definitely here when the class ended.
She was yelling goodbye
and waving both of her hands
like one of those blow-up things
at the used car dealership.
Hmm. Well. she made a show of leaving
to establish her alibi.
- Yeah.
- "Hey. look at me.
I've been here the whole time."
It's dark in those studios.
No one would notice
if she disappeared for a while.
Only thing is. parking lot attendant
said Liv's car never left.
And Sawyer's house
is almost three miles away.
She knew not to call a car.
Too easy to trace.
Maybe she ran.
Six miles plus the adrenaline
of killing Sawyer.
then jumping back on a spin bike? No.
People would've noticed her
huffing and puffing.
Or she didn't go on foot.
- All right.
- [beeps]
All right. I'll time you.
- Okay. Ready. set...
- Hold on.
[grunts]
- What are you doing?
- Here.
- Fine. Okay. [sighs]
- Hmm.
- You need help?
- Nope.
Okay. You sure?
Yes.
- How do I look?
- Good.
- Okay. Um…
- [phone chimes]
Eduardo. read text.
Text from Ava.
"Hey. sexy. send me a selfie?"
- Um… One second.
- Uh-huh.
Oh. Will. She is not talking about
that kind of selfie.
What do you mean?
Oh. Oh!
Oh. my. Really?
That's quite forward. Um…
- I'll respond to her later.
- Okay.
- Shall we start?
- And go.
Bye.
[♪ "Summer Streets" playing]
♪ New kicks get wrecked
When we start to skate ♪
♪ Summertime. feel the windows open ♪
♪ Feel good in the warm breeze ♪
♪ Let your wings fly free ♪
♪ You've been on my mind ♪
♪ And I am hoping you'll come run down
The sun with me ♪
♪ Run down the sun with me ♪
[♪ song ends]
Here we are.
Bang. bang. bang. bang. bang.
Now. would Liv head back
the way she came. or keep going straight?
That hill was a little steep.
Might be faster
if I take another route back to the gym.
Yeah. let's do that.
- [jackhammering]
- [sighs]
[♪ suspenseful music plays]
Seventeen minutes and 34 seconds.
It was her.
I knew I didn't like that woman.
Ms. Summermann. there was one file
your office didn't turn over.
I recently hired a new assistant.
I'll make sure you get that.
I didn't say which file.
But you already know it was Anna Martello.
Did you withhold information
so we wouldn't find out
that Brody Evans assaulted Ms. Martello?
And before you protest.
No. we can't prove there was an assault.
but what we can prove.
from credit card records. eyewitnesses.
texts and so forth. is that Mr. Jennings...
- Rest his soul.
- Truly.
He met Ms. Martello the night he died
then he called Brody Evans and promised
he'd expose him as a rapist.
Sawyer believed Anna and so do we.
Good for you.
What does any of this
have to do with my client?
I was never told about any assault.
Maybe you should look at Anna.
We had that thought too but...
Following Mr. Jennings's phone call
with Brody.
Brody wired over $100.000 to you
"to make Sawyer go away."
That's a direct quote from Brody.
He's in custody.
And surprisingly. that man has no interest
in protecting you.
even with all you did to protect him.
Say nothing else.
By the way. did you drive here
or did you hop on another scooter?
You know. I can't get through
a whole spin class either.
I get why you ducked out.
except you did it to kill your partner.
But you didn't know
about the construction you'd hit
on your way back
from shooting him five times.
Or that there was a camera on that corner.
Liv Summermann. you're under arrest for
the murder for hire of Sawyer Jennings.
Please stand up. hands behind your back.
Maybe you'll find your joy in prison.
Let's go.
[sighs]
[sighs] Oh. good. You're not going home.
Where's Faith?
She has plans. What do you got?
GBI has been brought in
on a bank heist case.
Polaski and Ormewood caught a body.
Robbers killed the only witness.
Our theory is Biosentia Pharmaceuticals
hired the crew
to retrieve stolen documents
hidden at the bank by an employee.
- Hmm. Tell me about this crew.
- [Angie] We don't know much.
They've hit major hauls
in three separate states.
They are quick. They are precise.
They never leave a trace.
Oh. so this pharma company hired the best.
We have any leads?
Oh. We have an arm.
We're trying to ID him.
He's definitely on this crew.
We're narrowing it down from ten siblings.
Two are deceased. one is a nun.
The point is we are getting close.
[panting] Guys. I've got it. Ow.
I got Cheetah Mask.
- The robbers wear animal masks.
- Got it.
Yeah. and Cheetah Mask's
true identity is Preston Willis.
Tattoos match.
Do you have a last known address?
Yes. I do. Swanky digs in Buckhead.
Well. I doubt he's gonna flip.
We need to follow him.
see if we can sweep up his crew.
Agreed. We've got one shot.
- Surveillance?
- Ooh.
- Me? Me.
- Okay.
Will. you and Ormewood.
What? [sighs]
- I'm driving.
- Let's go.
- Shotgun.
- Obviously.
[Michael grunts]
[grunting]
Grill's going.
He's gotta be coming back out soon.
[Michael fidgeting]
So. what is this
about you having superpowers?
Well. ever since I finished chemo.
I feel better.
I mean. not throwing up is always awesome.
I appreciate that.
It just…
seems like everything's heightened.
I don't know.
I'm probably just imagining it.
I wouldn't dismiss it.
I mean. your whole identity
is "masculine guy."
What? No. I…
Okay. maybe.
No. look. my point is.
that identity was challenged
when your body stopped cooperating.
Now you're on the other side of it.
feeling better than before.
I get it.
Thanks. weirdo.
You know. Faith
hasn't been sleeping at home. [sighs]
Tonight will be three days in a row.
Well. she keeps saying it's nothing.
but it's something.
- Yeah. No. who's she think she's fooling?
- Not us.
Not us.
[sighs]
But if she's happy…
She seem happy to you?
Very. [chuckles]
Oh. He's coming outside.
Oh. no. [groans]
- You see what I got? Okay. nice little…
- Look at you.
- Yeah. yeah. we getting healthy over here.
- Okay.
A little asparagus.
- some shrimp. some protein.
- [phone rings]
- Nice. Nice.
- Yeah.
Oh. Um…
Hi. this is Amanda.
I need you to get
somewhere private right now.
Sorry. this is work.
Oh. no worries. I'll get the chairs.
- [♪ soul music playing]
- Be right back.
Will. what do you want? I'm busy.
I need to tell you something.
Ormewood and Angie's bank heist case…
Malcolm. your Malcolm.
he's part of that crew.
Look. there's no question. okay?
He's dangerous.
[distorted audio]
No. Wait. that's…
You're wrong.
- You're wrong.
- [Will] Look. I'm sorry.
Faith. Faith.
Faith. he's coming back out now.
Faith. he cannot know that we're on
to him. all right?
- Do you hear me?
- Got it.
- [Will] Faith.
- I understand. Okay.
- Okay?
- Yeah.
All right. Mm.
Okay.
Got the wine glasses. [sighs]